Release v1.2.1 (#4500)
opencontainers/runc: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased 1.2.z]

> ## [1.2.1] - 2024-11-05

Reviewer: Would it be possible to make this release today?

Author: Sure, this was moving faster than I thought. Updated the date to today too.

>  No existe una escuela que enseñe a vivir.

### Fixed
 * Became root after joining an existing user namespace. Otherwise, runc
   won't have permissions to configure some mounts when running under
   SELinux and runc is not creating the user namespace. (#4466, #4477)

> ### Changed
>  * Remove dependency on `golang.org/x/sys/execabs` from go.mod. (#4480)
>  * Remove runc-dmz, that had many limitations, as we are already using
>    other solutions. This was available only in the 1.2.0 release and
>    required to set the environment variable `RUNC_DMZ=true` to opt-in. (#4488)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Removed
 * Remove dependency on `golang.org/x/sys/execabs` from go.mod. (#4480)
 * Remove runc-dmz, that had many limitations, and is mostly made obsolete by
   the new protection mechanism added in v1.2.0. Note that runc-dmz was only
   available only in the 1.2.0 release and required to set an environment variable
   to opt-in. (#4488)
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

>  * The script `script/check-config.sh` now checks for overlayfs support. If
>    it is available, it will be used to protect modifications to the runc
>    binary. (#4494)

Reviewer 2: This makes an impression that the changes in script/check-config.sh are required for overlayfs protection. They aren't. It's just a convenience script that a user can run to see if their kernel is adequate.

I think something like this will be more to the point:
```suggestion
### Added

* The `script/check-config.sh` script now checks for overlayfs support. (#4494)
```

Author: Fixed, thanks
